Update README.md (#275)
juntyr/necsim-rust: README.md

- spatially-explicit simulation with habitat and dispersal maps

## Prerequisites
First, you need to clone the necsim-rust GitHub repository:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/juntyr/necsim-rust.git
```
necsim-rust is written in the [Rust language](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install), which must be installed in your `PATH` first. necsim-rust includes a `rust-toolchain` file that configures Rust to use a working nightly toolchain version and install all components required for compilation. If you want to use necsim-rust on a target different than `x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu`, please update the [rust-toolchain](rust-toolchain) config file accordingly.

If you also want to use the CUDA-based algorithm, it is **required** that you also install the following:
```shell
cargo install ptx-linker --force --locked
```

> Finally `rustcoalescence` depends on `libclang-dev` as well as `libsqlite3-dev` to install these packages please run:

Reviewer: Some of the reporters depend on them, not rustcoalescence itself (and compiling the reporters is somewhat optional), so I think this should be more specific

> Finally `rustcoalescence` depends on `libclang-dev` as well as `libsqlite3-dev` to install these packages please run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the `necsim-plugins-species` reporter depends on `libsqlite3-dev`, and the `necsim-plugins-tskit` reporter and the `necsim-partitioning-mpi` parallelisation backend (enabled with the `mpi-partitioning` feature) depend on `libclang-dev`. You can install these optional packages using
```
